to increment a number means to add one
to it so here we're incrementing my var
by one so it starts at 87 87 plus one is
88 there is a quicker way to increment a
number instead of doing this we can just
do my bar plus plus I have our plus plus
now we have incremented my var from 87
to 88
we learned about incrementing a number
with plus plus you can also decrement a
number with minus - that means
subtracting one so right now my var is
going to equal ten eleven minus one
equals ten we can do the same thing with
the minus minus operator so now my var
still equals ten
we can also create decimal numbers with
JavaScript these are sometimes referred
to as floating-point numbers or floats
you can see this is one here five point
seven it can be anything I'm going to
make one called my decimal and then I'm
going to the store as zero point zero
zero nine anything that has a decimal
point in it is a decimal point number
multiplying decimal point or
floating-point numbers is the same as
multiplying integers so we have two
point zero times zero point zero if I
just change this to two point five now
the answer to the product is gonna be
five and I can console dot log that so
you can see if I just put product and if
we do the browser here you'll see that
the answer is five
you can also divide decimal point
numbers so in this case I'm going to
change this to four point four so now
the answer to quotient is two point two
quotient equals two point two
the remainder operator looks like a %
and it gives the remainder of the
division of two numbers so for instance
vana find out the remainder of 11
divided by 3 I can do remainder equals
11 and then I'm gonna put the % which is
the remainder operator 3 + 11 divided by
3 is 9 11 minus 9 is 2 so the remainder
is going to be 2 11 remainder 3 is 2 the
remainder operator is often used to
determine if a number is even or odd if
you can divide a number by 2 and the
remainder is 0 that means the number is
even
it's common to want to add a number to a
variable like this the a equals a plus
12 well ace are three plus 12 is 15 so
just adding 12 to whatever a is here
we're adding 9 to whatever it B is he
were adding 7 to whatever C is this is
such a common pattern that there's a
shortcut to do the same thing it's the
plus equals operator so instead of a
equals a plus 12 we can do a plus equals